gh-95913: Edit & expand Deprecated section of 3.11 WhatsNew (#98581)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

  removed in Python 3.13. Use ``locale.setlocale(locale.LC_ALL, "")`` instead.
  (Contributed by Victor Stinner in :gh:`90817`.)

> * More strict rules will now be applied for numerical group references
>   and group names in :ref:`regular expressions <re-syntax>`.
>   Only sequences of ASCII digits will be now accepted as a numerical reference,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stricter rules will now be applied for numerical group references
  and group names in :ref:`regular expressions <re-syntax>`.
  Only sequences of ASCII digits will now be accepted as a numerical reference,
```
